README.md, before:

# CodeWars Kata
**Author**: Megan Flood

Record of programming challenges, kata, completed from [CodeWars](https://www.codewars.com/) starting 10/20/2017

Each solution directory includes my solution to the kata, with the #1 best practice solution for reference. Also, includes the tests given on CodeWars with 4 additional tests written by me, using pytest.

## Completed Kata

**Highest Scoring Word (6th kyu)**

- **Module**: `highest_word.py`
- **Tests**: `test_highest_word.py`
- **URL**: [challenge url](http://www.codewars.com/kata/highest-scoring-word)

**Directions Reduction (5th kyu)**

- **Module**: `dir_reduct.py`
- **Tests**: `test_dir_reduct.py`
- **URL**: [challenge url](http://www.codewars.com/kata/directions-reduction)

**Simple Encryption #1 - Alternating Split (6th kyu)**

- **Module**: `alt_split.py`
- **Tests**: `test_alt_split.py`
- **URL**: [challenge url](http://www.codewars.com/kata/simple-encryption-number-1-alternating-split)

**Esolang: Ticker (5th kyu)**

- **Module**: `esolang_ticker.py`
- **Tests**: `test_esolang_ticker.py`
- **URL**: [challenge url](http://www.codewars.com/kata/esolang-ticker)

**Persistent Bugger. (6th kyu)**

- **Module**: `persistent_bugger.py`
- **Tests**: `test_persistent_bugger.py`
- **URL**: [challenge url](http://www.codewars.com/kata/persistent-bugger)

**Social Golfer Problem Validator (4th kyu)**

- **Module**: `social_golfers.py`
- **Tests**: `test_social_golfers.py`
- **URL**: [challenge url](http://www.codewars.com/kata/social-golfer-problem-validator)

**Sum of the first nth term of Series (7th kyu)**

- **Module**: `sum_terms.py`
- **Tests**: `test_sum_terms.py`
- **URL**: [challenge url](http://www.codewars.com/kata/sum-of-the-first-nth-term-of-series)

Commit message:

Parenthetics setup Added parenthetics files. Also wrote tests for the proper_parenthetics function. Added a description of the parenthetics challenge to the README.

README.md, after:

# CodeWars Kata
**Author**: Megan Flood

Record of programming challenges, kata, completed from [CodeWars](https://www.codewars.com/) starting 10/20/2017

Each solution directory includes my solution to the kata, with the #1 best practice solution for reference. Also, includes the tests given on CodeWars with 4 additional tests written by me, using pytest.

## Completed Kata

**Interview Challenge: Proper-Parenthetics**

- **Module**: `parenthetics.py`
- **Tests**: `test_parenthetics.py`
- **URL**: None
- **Challenge Details**:

    Your assignment is to build a quick Python function incorporating a linked list, stack, doubly-linked list, or queue that takes a unicode string (text) as input and returns one of three possible values:

    - Return 1 if the string is “open” (there are open parens that are not closed)
    - Return 0 if the string is “balanced” (there are an equal number of open and closed parentheses in the string)
    - Return -1 if the string is “broken” (a closing parens has not been proceeded by one that opens)

    For the purposes of this challenge, open and closed parens must match. As an example, consider this string:
    ```
    ')))((('
    ```
    Although there are an equal number of open and closed parens, they are not properly paired. This string is “broken”.

**Highest Scoring Word (6th kyu)**

- **Module**: `highest_word.py`
- **Tests**: `test_highest_word.py`
- **URL**: [challenge url](http://www.codewars.com/kata/highest-scoring-word)

**Directions Reduction (5th kyu)**

- **Module**: `dir_reduct.py`
- **Tests**: `test_dir_reduct.py`
- **URL**: [challenge url](http://www.codewars.com/kata/directions-reduction)

**Simple Encryption #1 - Alternating Split (6th kyu)**

- **Module**: `alt_split.py`
- **Tests**: `test_alt_split.py`
- **URL**: [challenge url](http://www.codewars.com/kata/simple-encryption-number-1-alternating-split)

**Esolang: Ticker (5th kyu)**

- **Module**: `esolang_ticker.py`
- **Tests**: `test_esolang_ticker.py`
- **URL**: [challenge url](http://www.codewars.com/kata/esolang-ticker)

**Persistent Bugger. (6th kyu)**

- **Module**: `persistent_bugger.py`
- **Tests**: `test_persistent_bugger.py`
- **URL**: [challenge url](http://www.codewars.com/kata/persistent-bugger)

**Social Golfer Problem Validator (4th kyu)**

- **Module**: `social_golfers.py`
- **Tests**: `test_social_golfers.py`
- **URL**: [challenge url](http://www.codewars.com/kata/social-golfer-problem-validator)

**Sum of the first nth term of Series (7th kyu)**

- **Module**: `sum_terms.py`
- **Tests**: `test_sum_terms.py`
- **URL**: [challenge url](http://www.codewars.com/kata/sum-of-the-first-nth-term-of-series)
